controller inputs(old project):
MC:	
	A: limelight track
	X: set velocity with limelight
	l_bump: slowDrive(not command)

	l_joy: left side control
	r_joy: right side control

SC:
	A: intake run 
	X: climber winch run 
	Y: intake reverse
	B: climber piston control (twp out, in)
	Back: intake piston control(twp up, down)

	l_trigger: reverse conveyor
	l_trigger: forward conveyor

changes to drivetrain:
Got rid of some junk/ needless redundancy. Made the 
methods more pretty and I tried to optimize things a bit.

changes to vision:
Got rid of some unused methods like Ts and deleted the 
declarations and definitions that were made in Vision
periodic ad they weren't used for anything. also got rid
of the get distance method as we never use it. it's pretty
easy to add in if we ever need it in the future

changes in climber:
got rid of the solenoid and the attached command, as with
the new climber, we dont use any pistons, and we need to 
add a new motor controller to climber as well as with the
new design we require 2 motors.

changes with intake: 
I want to attempt to use a command group with the intake
once again, because we have more time to test and I have
a better understanding of how it would work out.

changes to shooter:
we are pivoting to using a limelight + drivetrain + shooter
system to aim and rev the shooter from now on, but we have 
already started prototyping this with the original sidious
project

changes to conveyor:
we are pivoting to an automated conveyor to remove stress
from the drivers, and we need to test this new system when
we get time. this means merging the DIO test bot and the 
sidious project, which shouldn't be too difficult. this new
system will use a timer, which is new to me, but from what
i've read should be pretty simple. we also need to have 
controls correctly set up the sensor before we can begin
testing

For testing:
we need to test all the new features that are being added
to the robot(climber if its finished, and conveyor). we
also need to test all of the subsystems becuase of the
changes i made for optimizations. auto routines too. 
we'll need a whole day for this (I assume) preferabley 
3/11 or first day of comp (eek!)

Project Progress:

drivetrain: done
intake: done
shooter: done
conveyor: done
vision: done
climber: done
Robot: done
oi: done
Commands:
libraries?:
 